# Outline

\*Note do not open in firefox. This project uses the :has selector which does not work in firefox. Open in Chrome or Safari

I've been struggling to come up with an idea for this final project. Eventually, I decided that I wanted to do something concerning video games since I've always loved playing them. The drawing that I've submitted as the prototype represents an overview of what I plan to incorporate for this project (well kind of). I'm actually thinking of using this prototype as the interface for the 3 drawings. The prototype is made up of a grid with 3 columns (in mobile view its 3 rows), each grid has a unique svg in it pertaining to something game related. Hovering over a column will expand it to fill the browser. The svg represents the theme of the drawing. For example, in the left column, there are four buttons so for the drawing that will be in the left column, I plan on doing something with game controller buttons where the user can interact with the buttons. In the middle column, there is a svg of a game boy, and I plan on creating a css drawing of a game console that the user can interact with (if I can figure out how to do that). The 3rd drawing is the one I'm still unsure about, I have a joystick in the column but I don't know if I will create anything related to a joystick yet. On an important note, the prototype uses the css :has selector to animate the grid so that it expands and fills the rest of the screen. Unfortunately, firefox does not support it (actually it does but you have to modify something in the firefox config to get it to work), so I recommend using another browser like Chrome.
